hello youtubers I am pyro asta as some
of you know I'm new to the whole video
thing all right so this is bear with me
for a second right something you may
want to take know about me is I have
something called Asperger's disorder and
a key feature that I like a bit in that
disorder is that you can distinguish
colors merely by smell with this now I'm
going to prove that by smelling two
different colored pokemon cards with the
attacks text and stuff like that because
that's where the main colors yeah well
you see here I have a page of pokemon
cards and the ones i'm going to be using
is this loom minion and this Meg mortar
and the reason for that being um they're
in the slots so they don't really have
an order right now and they are not
rivers holofoil and I haven't tested
that yet so okay um we may need an
assistant here Catherine would you care
to help me out I need you to help me out
your hands are clean yes yeah may I just
put your hands up for a second okay okay
i know it was weird okay now take this
this card and that card out yes she is
taking the car je yeah she is being a
little bit just you think right now okay
okay no show the cards all right we got
magmortar on the right and lumen-a on on
the left well it's my left and right so
all right now um what I want you to do
is I want you to mix them up around with
the text on the bottom because that's
where my nose is going to be
now just keep in mind that I'm not doing
one two one two one two one two one two
one two one two one two I'm think just
taking random cells okay okay now you
done okay now i will shut my eyes um
first I have to mount this giggity we
won't we will not go into that right now
okay hand them to me face up with the
picture facing me all right yeah right
yeah all right okay there's camera dad
that's not helping all right this is the
mega murder this is Lou menya all right
all right yeah yeah yes all right now
some key things I have noticed about
this disorder it's either I'm not good
enough to tell the smells yet or they
just don't have a smell at all plastic
is very difficult for me so I'm going to
train myself do this all right it is
possible so don't blame about it okay
and I have another video I'm going to
post after this one and I have to record
it so welcome in this will ever